Here are homework questions for you to recap the concepts
we went through in class.

1. Navigating the terminal
  a, What is a root directory?
  It starts by ```/```. The root of all directories.

  b, What is the difference between root and home directory?
  Home directory is where the current user's directory start. cd ~
  Root directoy cd /
  c, What is the difference between absolute and relative path?
  Absolute path starts from root directory, relative path is the path that is relative to the 
  current directory a user is in.
  d, What command do you use to see what directory are you currently in?
  pwd
  e, How would you see the files and folders in a directory?
  ls
  f, How do you go back to your home directory?
  cd ~
  g, How do you create a new folder, can you also specify in the command where you want to save it ?
  mkdir 
  h, How do you remove a folder/directory, is it the same as removing a file?
  rm -r some_dir
  i, What is a file or folder is not empty ? What flag would you use to remove it anyway?
  -rf
  j, How do you move a folder/file ? What arguments does the command take?
  mv source target
  k, How can you find out more about a command and see the available options, syntax etc.
    (How/Where do you see the manual/help for a command)
  man help
  l, With what command do you rename a folder/file in the command line?
  rename dir_oldname dir_newname
  m, How do you copy a folder ?
cp -r source_folder target_folder
  n, What command do you use to open a folder/file ?
  open 
2. Creating a new project
  a, How do you create a new folder (what command) ?
  mkdir
  b, What command do you use to create/initiate a local repository (from the command line)?
     /One can also create a new repository on Github and then just clone it to their machine./
  git init
  c, What command do you use to create a new file ?
  touch new_file
  d, If you create a file and and add text to it, these changes are now on your working directory.
     How would you save these to the local repository (describe the steps with commands)

    - from working directory to the staging area

    - from the staging area to local repository

  ```
  git status
  git add
  git commit -m "commit msgs"
  e, What does git status do ?
  check the status of the current working repo
  f, How would you check your commit history?
  git log
  g, To share your project(folder), you will need to create a remote repository.
     This can be done either on Github or in the command line using "gh repo create" command.
     To connect your local repository to the remote one (if you were to create it on github)
     you need to add remote to it. Briefly describe, what would be the commands to do this ?

    - How do you check whether you already have some github/remote repository connected to your local one?
    git remote -v
    - What command do you use to add the remote
    git remote add origin link_of_the_remote_repo
  h, When local and remote repository are connected, one can push the changes/files so they are visible
     on github. What would be the structrure of the command ? Do you need to create a pull request?
  git push -u origin master
  If the remote repo is ahead of the local repo, you would need to create a pull request before pushing.

3. Working on an existing project
  a, To get this homework to your computer you needed to copy a remote repository into your machine.
    What were the commands you needed to use?
  git clone remote_repo_link
  b, Do you need to initiate a git repository after cloning a project?
  nope,it's already initiated.
  c, What is the difference between forking and cloning?
  forking creates your own copy of a repo in a remote repo where you could make changes. Cloning makes 
  copy to your local machine.
  d, Can you just push your changes to repository that you don't "own" on github?
  nope, you could fork the repo and push to this one. 